README.md, before:

[![kko header](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/kristenkinnearohlmann/blob/master/img/react-code-screenshot-v2.png)](https://kristenkinnearohlmann.dev)

I'm Kristen (she/her), a Full-Stack Software Engineer and SQL guru located in Bloomington, MN. I am a graduate of [Flatiron School](https://flatironschool.com/). I enjoy understanding how various languages relate and manage various tasks.

## Languages
Python 🐍 &bull; Ruby, Rails &bull; Javascript, React, Redux, Nextjs &bull; SQL &bull; C# &bull; Java &bull; PHP

## Contact Information
[kristenkinnearohlmann.dev](https://kristenkinnearohlmann.dev/) &bull; [@kinnear_ohlmann](https://twitter.com/kinnear_ohlmann) &bull; [in/kristenkinnearohlmann/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kristenkinnearohlmann/) &bull; [kristenkinnearohlmann@gmail.com](mailto:kristenkinnearohlmann@gmail.com)

## Projects

### Personal Projects

- [Visual ITU Alphabet](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/itu-alpha): Learn the ITU alphabet for ham radio operation using images to assist in clearly remembering the associated word. **Stack:** JavaScript (frontend and backend)

### Group Projects

- [CALeidoscope](https://ether-cal-htg2021.netlify.app/): Hack the Gap entry for Team Mayo in 2021. **Stack:** React

### Flatiron School Projects

- [Race Stats Tracker](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/race-stats-tracker): Track and compare your races from mile to marathon with Race Stats Tracker. **Stack:** React (frontend) and Rails (backend)
- [Repertoire Keeper](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/repertoire-keeper): Repertoire Keeper helps performing music organizations track the works they have presented. **Stack:** JavaScript (ES6) (frontend) and Rails (backend)
- [Njoy Your Veggies](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/njoy-your-veggies): Vegetarian and vegan food is delicious and creative. Njoy Your Veggies is a collection of easy and tasty recipes that will make you smile. **Stack:** ERB (frontend) and Rails (backend)
- [Idea Pool](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/idea-pool): Short on ideas for a project or to work through a new concept? Take a dip in the Idea Pool! **Stack:** ERB (frontend) and Sinatra (backend)
- [CLI Weather](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/cli-weather): This project provides a command line interface to access weather based on an entered address. **Stack:** Ruby

Commit message:

Add link to Minnebar16 talk

README.md, after:

[![kko header](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/kristenkinnearohlmann/blob/master/img/react-code-screenshot-v2.png)](https://kristenkinnearohlmann.dev)

I'm Kristen (she/her), a Full-Stack Software Engineer and SQL guru located in Bloomington, MN. I am a graduate of [Flatiron School](https://flatironschool.com/). I enjoy understanding how various languages relate and manage various tasks.

## Languages
Python 🐍 &bull; Ruby, Rails &bull; Javascript, React, Redux, Nextjs &bull; SQL &bull; C# &bull; Java &bull; PHP

## Contact Information
[kristenkinnearohlmann.dev](https://kristenkinnearohlmann.dev/) &bull; [@kinnear_ohlmann](https://twitter.com/kinnear_ohlmann) &bull; [in/kristenkinnearohlmann/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kristenkinnearohlmann/) &bull; [kristenkinnearohlmann@gmail.com](mailto:kristenkinnearohlmann@gmail.com)

## Presentations and Talks

- [**Go For It! Fearless Pursuit of Your Tech Goals**](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1JNz8O6iOXnc2CmJ6qRRu0KM_ChuuMTxcPD2kls4SHCI/edit?usp=sharing): Presented at Minnebar16 June 2022

## Projects

### Personal Projects

- [Visual ITU Alphabet](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/itu-alpha): Learn the ITU alphabet for ham radio operation using images to assist in clearly remembering the associated word. **Stack:** JavaScript (frontend and backend)

### Group Projects

- [CALeidoscope](https://ether-cal-htg2021.netlify.app/): Hack the Gap entry for Team Mayo in 2021. **Stack:** React

### Flatiron School Projects

- [Race Stats Tracker](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/race-stats-tracker): Track and compare your races from mile to marathon with Race Stats Tracker. **Stack:** React (frontend) and Rails (backend)
- [Repertoire Keeper](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/repertoire-keeper): Repertoire Keeper helps performing music organizations track the works they have presented. **Stack:** JavaScript (ES6) (frontend) and Rails (backend)
- [Njoy Your Veggies](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/njoy-your-veggies): Vegetarian and vegan food is delicious and creative. Njoy Your Veggies is a collection of easy and tasty recipes that will make you smile. **Stack:** ERB (frontend) and Rails (backend)
- [Idea Pool](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/idea-pool): Short on ideas for a project or to work through a new concept? Take a dip in the Idea Pool! **Stack:** ERB (frontend) and Sinatra (backend)
- [CLI Weather](https://github.com/kristenkinnearohlmann/cli-weather): This project provides a command line interface to access weather based on an entered address. **Stack:** Ruby
